CartesianProductTestExtension from JUnit examples (#321)
junit-pioneer/junit-pioneer: docs/cartesian-product.adoc

void threeBits(String a, String b, String c) {
    int value = Integer.parseUnsignedInt(a + b + c, 2);
    Assertions.assertThat(value).isBetween(0b000, 0b111);
}
```

The test `threeBits` is executed exactly eight times, because all three input parameters can have the value "0" or "1".
`@CartesianProductTest` tests for all input combinations; that's `2 × 2 × 2`, so eight tests in total.

To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test | value of `a` | value of `b` | value of `c`
| 1st test  | 0            | 0            | 0
| 2nd test  | 0            | 0            | 1
| 3rd test  | 0            | 1            | 0
| 4th test  | 0            | 1            | 1
| 5th test  | 1            | 0            | 0
| 6th test  | 1            | 0            | 1
| 7th test  | 1            | 1            | 0
| 8th test  | 1            | 1            | 1
|===

== Writing a static factory method for the parameters

`@CartesianProductTest` can have a static factory method supplying the test parameters.
By default, this method must have the same name as the test method, but you can specify a different name with the `factory()` annotation parameter.
[#_static-factory-example]

> ```java

Author: Um, whoops? Thank you, updated. 😅

The third parameter can have any of the two values `TimeUnit.DAYS` or `TimeUnit.HOURS`.
`@CartesianProductTest` tests for all input combinations; that's `2 × 3 × 2`, so twelve tests in total.
To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test  | value of `string` | value of `clazz` | value of `unit`
| 1st test   | "Alpha"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 2nd test   | "Alpha"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 3rd test   | "Alpha"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 4th test   | "Alpha"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 5th test   | "Alpha"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 6th test   | "Alpha"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 7th test   | "Omega"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 8th test   | "Omega"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 9th test   | "Omega"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 10th test  | "Omega"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 11th test  | "Omega"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 12th test  | "Omega"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
|===

> There are a couple conditions this method has to fulfill to qualify:

Author: Thank you, I rewrote this section entirely.

- must have the same name as the test method or its name must be specified via `factory()`
- must be `static`
- must have **no** parameters
- must return `CartesianProductTest.Sets` ^1^
- must register values for every parameter exactly once ^2^

1: This is a helper class, specifically for creating sets for `@CartesianProductTest`.

> The way to use it: instantiate it (`new CartesianProductTest.Sets()`), then use the `add()` method to register values for the parameters (see <<_static-factory-example, above>>).

Author: You can't provide `CartesianProductTest.Sets` as an annotation parameter, so I'm not sure what you meant here.

> The way to use it: instantiate it (`new CartesianProductTest.Sets()`), then use the `add()` method to register values for the parameters (see <<_static-factory-example, above>>).

Author: I agree that `CartesianProductTest.Sets`should be introduced earlier in the docs, so I moved it up. Do you think it needs more explanation than this?

> The way to use it: instantiate it (`new CartesianProductTest.Sets()`), then use the `add()` method to register values for the parameters (see <<_static-factory-example, above>>).

Author: @Bukama ping. I still would like to hear your thoughts on this, please. 😇

> The way to use it: instantiate it (`new CartesianProductTest.Sets()`), then use the `add()` method to register values for the parameters (see <<_static-factory-example, above>>).

Reviewer: If not I would have mentioned in the review :)

> The way to use it: instantiate it (`new CartesianProductTest.Sets()`), then use the `add()` method to register values for the parameters (see <<_static-factory-example, above>>).

Author: Thank you!

2: If you register too few, too many, or conflicting ^3^ parameters, you will get an `org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.ParameterResolutionException`.

> 3: For example, if your test method has a `TestInfo` or `TestReporter` (or any other parameter that is automatically injected by JUnit) and you register too much sets in your factory method:

Author: Good idea, did just that.

```java
@CartesianProductTest
void confusing(String a, TestInfo info) {
    // completely valid test
}

static CartesianProductTest.Sets confusing() {
    return new CartesianProductTest.Sets()
        .add("A", "B", "C")
        .add(1, 2, 3);
}
```

== Combining `@CartesianProductTest` with `@Test`

If `@CartesianProductTest` is combined with `@Test` or `TestTemplate`-based mechanisms (like `@RepeatedTest` or `@ParameterizedTest`), the test engine will execute it according to each annotation (i.e. more than once).
This is most likely unwanted and will probably lead to the following exception/failure message:

> org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.ParameterResolutionException:
> No ParameterResolver registered for parameter [...]

This is because `@Test` does not know what to do with the parameter(s) of the `@CartesianProductTest`.

== Thread-Safety

> This extension is safe to use during https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-parallel-execution[parallel test execution].

Author: [This is the proper way to format links in Asciidoc](https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#links).

:page-title: Testing all test parameter combinations (Cartesian product)
:page-description: Extends JUnit Jupiter with `@CartesianProductTest`, a special `@ParameterizedTest` which tests all combinations of its input

Sometimes you want to test not only for specific inputs but also combinations of those inputs.
`@CartesianProductTest` combines all test inputs and runs a test for each combination.

[#_basic_use]
== Basic Use

`@CartesianProductTest` is used _instead_ of `@Test` or other such annotations (e.g. `@RepeatedTest`).
The annotation can have a value (see <<Supplying a value to CartesianProductTest>>), or the test class can have a static factory method (see <<Writing a static factory method for the parameters>>) providing the arguments.

== Supplying a value to CartesianProductTest

> If all your test parameters are strings, you can supply all input parameters simultaneously by giving a value to `@CartesianProductTest`.

Reviewer: > giving a value 

With a single value there is no Cartesian product (or to be exactly: The CP only has one row). Would change it to plural, e.g. "by giving values to. These values are input for all parameters." or something like that.

This value is the input for all parameters, and the test will try every combination it can have.

```java
@CartesianProductTest({"0", "1"})
void threeBits(String a, String b, String c) {
    int value = Integer.parseUnsignedInt(a + b + c, 2);
    Assertions.assertThat(value).isBetween(0b000, 0b111);
}
```

> The test `threeBits` is executed exactly eight times, because all three input parameters can have the value "0" or "1".

Reviewer: values

`@CartesianProductTest` tests for all input combinations; that's `2 × 2 × 2`, so eight tests in total.

To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test | value of `a` | value of `b` | value of `c`
| 1st test  | 0            | 0            | 0
| 2nd test  | 0            | 0            | 1
| 3rd test  | 0            | 1            | 0
| 4th test  | 0            | 1            | 1
| 5th test  | 1            | 0            | 0
| 6th test  | 1            | 0            | 1
| 7th test  | 1            | 1            | 0
| 8th test  | 1            | 1            | 1
|===

== Writing a static factory method for the parameters

> `@CartesianProductTest` can have a static factory method supplying the test parameters.

Reviewer: Would add an introduction sentence like "If you don't only supply String values to your test method like in the example above..."

By default, this method must have the same name as the test method, but you can specify a different name with the `factory()` annotation parameter.
This method must return `CartesianProductTest.Sets`.
`CartesianProductTest.Sets` is a helper class, specifically for creating sets for `@CartesianProductTest`.

> The way to use it: instantiate it (`new CartesianProductTest.Sets()`), then use the `add()` method to register values for the parameters (see <<_static-factory-example, the example>>).

Reviewer: Capital `I` after `:`

The third parameter can have any of the two values `TimeUnit.DAYS` or `TimeUnit.HOURS`.
`@CartesianProductTest` tests for all input combinations; that's `2 × 3 × 2`, so twelve tests in total.

To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test  | value of `string` | value of `clazz` | value of `unit`
| 1st test   | "Alpha"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 2nd test   | "Alpha"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 3rd test   | "Alpha"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 4th test   | "Alpha"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 5th test   | "Alpha"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 6th test   | "Alpha"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 7th test   | "Omega"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 8th test   | "Omega"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 9th test   | "Omega"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 10th test  | "Omega"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 11th test  | "Omega"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 12th test  | "Omega"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
|===

> 

Reviewer: As you describe the input of `nFold` here this should be moved up to be in place with the example and after that show the possibility to use an individual name for the data provider method (without further explanation)

=== Conditions for the static factory method

> There are a couple conditions the static factory method has to fulfill to qualify:

Reviewer: "There are some conditions" or "There are a couple of conditions" or "There are several conditions"

- must have the same name as the test method or its name must be specified via `factory()`
- must be `static`
- must have **no** parameters
- must return `CartesianProductTest.Sets`
- must register values for every parameter exactly once
- must register values in order

=== Returning wrong `Sets` in the static factory method

If you register too few, too many, or conflicting parameters, you will get an `org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.ParameterResolutionException`.

> For example, if your test method has a `TestInfo` or `TestReporter` (or any other parameter that is automatically injected by JUnit), and you register too many sets in your factory method:

Reviewer: This line reads like there is missing something at the end. Would change it to "The following example shows..." or something like this.

:page-title: Testing all test parameter combinations (Cartesian product)
:page-description: Extends JUnit Jupiter with `@CartesianProductTest`, a special `@ParameterizedTest` which tests all combinations of its input

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia:

> In mathematics, specifically set theory, the Cartesian product of two sets A and B, denoted A × B, is the set of all ordered pairs (a, b) where a is in A and b is in B.
> In terms of set-builder notation, that is `A × B = {(a,b) | a ∈ A and b ∈ B}`
> +[...]+
> One can similarly define the Cartesian product of n sets, also known as an n-fold Cartesian product, which can be represented by an n-dimensional array, where each element is an n-tuple.

What does all this mean?

The cartesian product of sets is all the possible combinations where you take a single element from each set.
If you have two sets, `{ 1, 2 }` and `{ 3, 4 }`, their cartesian product is `{ { 1, 3 }, { 1, 4 }, { 2, 3 }, { 2, 4 } }`.

You can use `@CartesianProductTest` and define test parameter sets to run the same test on the cartesian product.

> This means that `@CartesianProductTest` takes the possible test parameter values and runs the test for every possible combination of them.

Reviewer: For a better transition between the theoretical part and the extension I would change this to something like: 

_Sometimes its useful to test all possible combinations of parameters set. Normally this results in a lot of written test data parameters. For a more comfortable way you may use the `CartesianProductTest` extension. The extension takes the test data parameter values and runs...._

The basic usage of the extension (with the parameter sets) are describe below anyway.

== Basic Use

`@CartesianProductTest` is used _instead_ of `@Test` or other such annotations (e.g. `@RepeatedTest`).

> The annotation can have a value (see <<Supplying a value to CartesianProductTest>>), the test method can be annotated with `@CartesianValueSource` (see <<Annotating your test method with @CartesianValueSource>>), or the test class can have a static factory method (see <<Writing a static factory method for the parameters>>) providing the arguments.

Reviewer: I don't know which words I should choose, but this sentence lacks some kind of introduction, like to "There are multiple ways to pass test data to the extension.". As of now you (or at least I) fall "into" this sentences without knowing what to expect.

> `@CartesianProductTest` works with sets.

Reviewer: The Cartesian product works with sets, so the extension does. (more fluent I think)

This means that duplicate elements get removed.
If your input is `{ 1, 1, 3, 4 }` and `{ 2, 2, 3 }` their cartesian product is `{ { 1, 2 }, { 1, 3 }, { 3, 2 }, { 3, 3 }, { 4, 2 }, { 4, 3 } }`.
This is because otherwise the test would run with the same parameters multiple times.

> If you need that functionality, you might want to look into https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-repeated-tests[repeated tests].

Reviewer: You should add if the duplicates get removed automatically (most probably as `Set` can't work with duplicates). To emphasize that I would remove the final Cartesian product (you described above how it is created) and change the line to the (automatically) "real/reduced" input, e.g.

_If your input is `{ 1, 1, 3, 4 }` and `{ 2, 2, 3 }` the input sets get reduced to  `{ { 1, 3, 4 }, { 2, 3 } }`._

I would change _If you need that functionality_ to _If you need to pass the same parameters multiple times, you might.._ to make clear what you mean with functionality.

> == Supplying a value to CartesianProductTest

Reviewer: I don't like the wording of "a value". I know it's because `value` is the default name of the annotation variable, but "a value" mislead to "a single value", which is false, because you are passing String arrays.

What about something like "Supplying (simple) sets of Strings to the extension"?

If all your test parameters are strings, you can supply all input parameters simultaneously by giving a string array value to `@CartesianProductTest`.

> This value is the input for all parameters, and the test will try every combination of its elements.

Reviewer: No `,` before `and`- this is no enumeration

```java
@CartesianProductTest({ "0", "1" })
void threeBits(String a, String b, String c) {
    // passing test code
}
```

The test `threeBits` is executed exactly eight times, because all three input parameters can have the values "0" or "1".

> `@CartesianProductTest` tests for all input combinations; that's `2 × 2 × 2`, so eight tests in total.

Reviewer: Change `;` to `,`, because _that's .._ is a subordinate clause.

To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test | value of `a`   | value of `b`   | value of `c`
| 1st test  | "0"            | "0"            | "0"
| 2nd test  | "0"            | "0"            | "1"
| 3rd test  | "0"            | "1"            | "0"
| 4th test  | "0"            | "1"            | "1"
| 5th test  | "1"            | "0"            | "0"
| 6th test  | "1"            | "0"            | "1"
| 7th test  | "1"            | "1"            | "0"
| 8th test  | "1"            | "1"            | "1"
|===

== Annotating your test method with @CartesianValueSource

> If you don't only supply String values to your test method like in the example above, you can annotate your method with `@CartesianValueSource`.

Reviewer: _Instead of only suppliying string values to your ... you can annotate ... with `CartesianValueSource` [to do what <- thats missing]

Or written in another way: If I don't supply string values I don't supply them. Period. Starting a sentence like this makes the reader feel that there are (bad) consequences if not doing so.

> This is annotation might look familiar - it mimics JUnits `@ValueSource`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is annotation might look familiar (it mimics JUnits `@ValueSource`), but it works differently.....[insert explanation].
```

Or explanation below at end of subsection.

It is used to define the possible inputs of a single test parameter.

> You define the parameter values in order (left-to-right or top-to-bottom) and the test will try every combination those values can have.

Reviewer: `left-to-right or top-to-bottom`: The `or` irritates me. Is there any forced order or not? You example seems like the order of the annotation must match the parameter order? Are the names of "ints" and "strings" fixed or forced too?

Author: Left-to-right = top-to-bottom. There is a forced order.

```java
@CartesianProductTest
@CartesianValueSource(ints = { 1, 2, 4 })
@CartesianValueSource(strings = { "A", "B" })
void annotated(int number, String character) {
    // passing test code
}
```

The test `annotated` is executed exactly six times.
The first parameter can have any of the three values `1`, `2` or `4`.
The second parameter can have any of the two values `A` or `B`.

> `@CartesianProductTest` tests for all input combinations; that's `3 × 2`, so six tests in total.

Reviewer: `;`to `,`

To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test | value of `number` | value of `character`
| 1st test  | 1                 | "A"
| 2nd test  | 1                 | "B"
| 3rd test  | 2                 | "A"
| 4th test  | 2                 | "B"
| 5th test  | 4                 | "A"
| 6th test  | 4                 | "B"
|===

> Please note that `@CartesianValueSource` is not compatible with `@ParameterizedTest`.

Reviewer: Move this up to the explanation (or add a subsubsection / some sentences) here to explain the differences.

== Writing a static factory method for the parameters

> Finally, if your tests require special inputs that `@CartesianValueSource` is not able to supply, you can define a static factory method to supply your test parameters.

Reviewer: Remove the "finally,"

By default, this method must have the same name as the test method, but you can specify a different name with the `factory()` annotation parameter.
This method must return `CartesianProductTest.Sets`.
`CartesianProductTest.Sets` is a helper class, specifically for creating sets for `@CartesianProductTest`.

> The way to use it: Instantiate it (`new CartesianProductTest.Sets()`), then use the `add()` method to register values for the parameters (see <<_static-factory-example, the example>>).

Reviewer: What about a more fluent sentence like: _To create a set with test data, instantiate a new `CartesianProductTest.Sets()`, use the `add()`... and return the created object._

[#_static-factory-example]
```java
@CartesianProductTest
void nFold(String string, Class<?> clazz, TimeUnit unit) {
    // passing test code
}

static CartesianProductTest.Sets nFold() {
    return new CartesianProductTest.Sets()
        .add("Alpha", "Omega")
        .add(Runnable.class, Cloneable.class, Predicate.class)
        .add(TimeUnit.DAYS, TimeUnit.HOURS);
}
```

The test `nFold` is executed exactly twelve times.
The first parameter can have any of the two values `"Alpha"` or `"Omega"`.
The second parameter can have any of the three values `Runnable.class`, `Cloneable.class` or `Predicate.class`.
The third parameter can have any of the two values `TimeUnit.DAYS` or `TimeUnit.HOURS`.

> `@CartesianProductTest` tests for all input combinations; that's `2 × 3 × 2`, so twelve tests in total.

Reviewer: again

To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test  | value of `string` | value of `clazz` | value of `unit`
| 1st test   | "Alpha"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 2nd test   | "Alpha"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 3rd test   | "Alpha"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 4th test   | "Alpha"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 5th test   | "Alpha"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 6th test   | "Alpha"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 7th test   | "Omega"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 8th test   | "Omega"           | Runnable.class   | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 9th test   | "Omega"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 10th test  | "Omega"           | Cloneable.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
| 11th test  | "Omega"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.DAYS
| 12th test  | "Omega"           | Predicate.class  | TimeUnit.HOURS
|===

> Remember, you can reuse the same argument provider if you explicitly give its name to `@CartesianProductTest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember, you can reuse the same argument provider method, by explicitly pass its name to the  `@CartesianProductTest` `factory` attribute.
```

```java

@CartesianProductTest(factory = "provideArguments")
void testNeedingArguments(String string, int i) {
    // passing test code
}

@CartesianProductTest(factory = "provideArguments")
void testNeedingSameArguments(String string, int i) {
    // different passing test code
}

static CartesianProductTest.Sets provideArguments() {
    return new CartesianProductTest.Sets()
        .add("Mercury", "Earth", "Venus")
        .add(1, 12, 144);
}
```

=== Conditions for the static factory method

There are multiple conditions the static factory method has to fulfill to qualify:

> - must have the same name as the test method or its name must be specified via `factory()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- must have the same name as the test method (or its name must be specified via `factory()`)
```

You are listing conditions of the method. So the same name is only in default case (as you described above)  and I would put the note about the `factory()` method as a reminder in brackets here.

Examples of badly configured tests/static factory method:
```java
@CartesianProductTest(factory = "resolveParameters")
void tooFewParameters(String string, int i, boolean b) {
    // fails because the boolean parameter is not resolved
}

@CartesianProductTest(factory = "resolveParameters")
void tooManyParameters(String string) {
    // fails because we try to supply a non-existent integer parameter
}

@CartesianProductTest(factory = "resolveParameters")
void wrongOrderParameters(int i, String string) {
    // fails because the static factory method declared parameter sets in the wrong order
}

@CartesianProductTest(factory = "resolveParameters")
void conflictingParameters(String string, TestInfo info) {
    // fails because both the factory method and JUnit tries to inject TestInfo
    // OR
    // fails because the static factory method tries to inject int instead of TestInfo
}

static CartesianProductTest.Sets resolveParameters() {
    return new CartesianProductTest.Sets()
        .add("A", "B", "C")
        .add(1, 2, 3);
}
```

> == Combining `@CartesianProductTest` with `@Test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Warning: Don't combine `@CartesianProductTest` with `@Test`!
```

:page-title: Testing all test parameter combinations (Cartesian product)
:page-description: Extends JUnit Jupiter with `@CartesianProductTest`, a special `@ParameterizedTest` which tests all combinations of its input

> From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia:

Reviewer 2: "the free encyclopedia" seems a bit patronizing, I think most people know that small project already. :wink:

> In mathematics, specifically set theory, the Cartesian product of two sets A and B, denoted A × B, is the set of all ordered pairs (a, b) where a is in A and b is in B.
> In terms of set-builder notation, that is `A × B = {(a,b) | a ∈ A and b ∈ B}`
> +[...]+
> One can similarly define the Cartesian product of n sets, also known as an n-fold Cartesian product, which can be represented by an n-dimensional array, where each element is an n-tuple.

> What does all this mean?

Reviewer 2: Love this! :heart: :+1:

The cartesian product of sets is all the possible combinations where you take a single element from each set.
If you have two sets, `{ 1, 2 }` and `{ 3, 4 }`, their cartesian product is `{ { 1, 3 }, { 1, 4 }, { 2, 3 }, { 2, 4 } }`.

> Sometimes its useful to test all possible combinations of parameters set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes its useful to test all possible combinations of parameters sets.
```

Normally, this results in a lot of written test data parameters.
For a more comfortable way you may use the `@CartesianProductTest` extension.
The extension takes the test data parameter values and runs the test for every possible combination of them.

> == Basic Use

Reviewer 2: I think the section _Basic Use_ could do with a simple, working code snippet.

Author: Added a basic snippet without explanation

`@CartesianProductTest` is used _instead_ of `@Test` or other such annotations (e.g. `@RepeatedTest`).

You can supply test parameters to `@CartesianProductTest` in multiple ways.
The annotation can have a value (see <<Supplying a value to CartesianProductTest>>), the test method can be annotated with `@CartesianValueSource` (see <<Annotating your test method with @CartesianValueSource>>), or the test class can have a static factory method (see <<Writing a static factory method for the parameters>>) providing the arguments.

Just like the mathematical Cartesian product, `@CartesianProductTest` works with sets.
Duplicate elements get removed automatically.
If your input is `{ 1, 1, 3 }` and `{ 2, 2 }` the extension will consider their Cartesian product `{ { 1, 2 }, { 3, 2 } }`.
Otherwise, the test would run with the same parameters multiple times.
If you need to pass the same parameters multiple times, you might want to look into https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-repeated-tests[repeated tests].

== Supplying CartesianProductTest with a single set

> If all your test parameters are strings, you can supply all input parameters simultaneously by giving a string array value to `@CartesianProductTest`.

Reviewer 2: The section header talks about single sets, which made me expect a way to define sets of all types (e.g. a single set of `int`s), but the text only mentions `String` arrays. Does this work for all kinds of arrays? If so/not, this should be stated explicitly.

Author: Cleaned up wording to explicitly mean `String[]`

To demonstrate with a table:
|===
| # of test | value of `a`   | value of `b`   | value of `c`
| 1st test  | "0"            | "0"            | "0"
| 2nd test  | "0"            | "0"            | "1"
| 3rd test  | "0"            | "1"            | "0"
| 4th test  | "0"            | "1"            | "1"
| 5th test  | "1"            | "0"            | "0"
| 6th test  | "1"            | "0"            | "1"
| 7th test  | "1"            | "1"            | "0"
| 8th test  | "1"            | "1"            | "1"
|===

== Annotating your test method with @CartesianValueSource

If you don't only supply string values to your test method like in the example above, you can annotate your method with `@CartesianValueSource`.
`@CartesianValueSource` is used to define the possible inputs of a single test parameter.
You define the parameter values in order (left-to-right/top-to-bottom) and the test will try every combination those values can have.

```java
@CartesianProductTest
@CartesianValueSource(ints = { 1, 2, 4 })
@CartesianValueSource(strings = { "A", "B" })
void annotated(int number, String character) {
    // passing test code
}
```

> This annotation might look familiar - it mimics JUnits `@ValueSource`, except `@CartesianValueSource` is repeatable.

Reviewer 2: Good connection to something the reader (may) already know! :+1: Add a link to the user guide or docs to drive it home.

Author: Link added.

Remember, you can reuse the same argument provider method, by explicitly passing its name to `@CartesianProductTest`'s `factory` attribute.

```java

@CartesianProductTest(factory = "provideArguments")
void testNeedingArguments(String string, int i) {
    // passing test code
}

@CartesianProductTest(factory = "provideArguments")
void testNeedingSameArguments(String string, int i) {
    // different passing test code
}

static CartesianProductTest.Sets provideArguments() {
    return new CartesianProductTest.Sets()
        .add("Mercury", "Earth", "Venus")
        .add(1, 12, 144);
}
```

=== Conditions for the static factory method

There are multiple conditions the static factory method has to fulfill to qualify:

- must have the same name as the test method (or its name must be specified via `factory()`)
- must be `static`
- must have **no** parameters
- must return `CartesianProductTest.Sets`
- must register values for every parameter exactly once
- must register values in order

=== Returning wrong `Sets` in the static factory method

If you register too few, too many, or conflicting parameters, you will get an `org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.ParameterResolutionException`.

> Conflicting parameters meaning your test method has a `TestInfo` or `TestReporter` (or any other parameter that is automatically injected by JUnit), and you register too many sets in your factory method.

Reviewer 2: This made me think, I could not have `TestInfo` or `TestReporter` params in my test method signature.

Reviewer 2: If `TestInfo` or `TestReporter` works with correct configurations, that may be worth a mention as well.

Author: It works if you don't try to "manually" inject your own `TestReporter`. I will clean up the wording of this sentence.

Author: Cleaned up, mention added.
